Introduction: 

In the slums of Atlkatla, there is a man parading around his pumpkins. Upon closer inspection, there appears to be pumpkin that moves.

Fred: Pumpkins here. Get your pumpkins here. Fresh and juicy!
Halfling: 10 copper, 7 copper, 9 copper....
Wallace: Keep moving!
Halfling: What was that?
Wallace: YOU DOG, I SAID KEEP MOVING!
Halfling: Oh my! X Runs off X
Fred: Sir Wallace, you can't keep scaring away the customers. The farm is going to notice and pawn you off by force.
Wallace: Oh, and what am I supposed to? Watch my friends die by being eaten or mashed?

At this point the player comes in with the following options:

- Is everything all right here? <A>
- Thank the gods. I was wondering if there were any food to be had in the slums. <B>
- A talking pumpkin...I want it. How much?<B>
- Maybe I should call the guards. <E>
- Even for me, this is much. Good luck with the stand. - End <D>

A:
Wallace: No. Nothing is alright. Not that you would care. You're probably like the rest of them. <E>

B: 
Wallace: I AM NOT FOR SALE. <E>


D:
Wallace: Don't come back! - Exit

E:
Fred: I beg for your forgiveness kind sir. Sir Wallace has made it his mission to keep his kind from being sold. He's very protective of them and...
Wallace: I don't want to see them killed. 
Fred: Sir Wallace, please. I cannot risk the weekly yield of crops to be wasted just because you simply want other pumpkins to be safe. We still need to sell the other vegetables at least.
Wallace: Brother Fred, it sounds as if you got a problem with what I am doing. Brother, are YOU good?

- So if I just pay for all of the pumpkins, will you just let them go and drop them off somewhere safe?<F>
- This has certainly made my day more interesting. I will simply take my leave. <D>


F:
Fred: Sir, to purchase them all would be about 4 gold pieces. 
Wallace: No, this is just a farce. It's fake gold or he'll just crush them the moment we turn around.
Fred: (whispers) WALLACE stop it. If he offers us this gold then I can drop your family off somewhere they can be safe in. Now be quiet!

- Here. It was for a good cause and I wasn't using much of it. <H>
- Take it. If only to prevent any further embarrassment for all of us. <H>
- 4 gold is a tad too expensive for me right now. I'll have to pass for now but maybe I'll change my mind later. <G>

G:
Wallace: Sure. It's not like we're going anywhere.
Fred: Perhaps another time then. Hopefully, the guards won't pursue us anytime soon. - Exit <M>

H:
Fred: Thank you kind sir. Wallace, it appears your family can finally rest safely.
Wallace: And it's real. Not fake? Like we're not gonna walk 5 feet away and the coins will disappear into thin air?
Fred: Wallace, see for yourself. It's all genuine. It's gold that can break a person's teeth with enough force.
Wallace: My brothers are gonna be fine? You're gonna take them away from here?
Fred: They will be placed on a nice lot away from the farm. Close enough so I can keep an eye on them but not to close that the farmhands hunt them down.
Fred: (whispers) Sir Wallace, I believe they are other things you should say to the kind <LORD/LADY> before us.
Wallace: Right. Thanks for saving my brothers and sisters-in-arms. I thought that all mortals saw my people were nothing more than food, thank Chauntea's bosom you proved me wrong.

- I have an idea. Why don't you join my party? With your family safe and sound, we could use another sword-arm in our ranks. <K> 
- It was no problem, really. Now, you'll have to excuse me as I have matters to attend to. Matters that are quite less strange. <J>

J:
Wallace: Fred, take them back! I heard there was a place called the Copper Coronet where I can get smashed on tankards. I might be back later to check up on them. - Exit to Copper C.

K: 
If Jaheira: Have lost your mind?! Am I the only one who sees that this is a human dressed in black cloth and orange clay and not what he claims to be?
If Yoshimo: So another joins our ranks? I suppose it could be worse. We could have tried to recruit the mephits back in Irenicus's dungeon instead.
If Minsc: Look Boo, we have another colorful friend join our party. Another pair of boots to help place morals in the backside of evil!
If Aerie: W-welcome Sir Wallace. I'm sure you'll fit right in with us, right <CHARNAME>?
If Viconia: A slave and a round one at that? He can clean our boots after traveling seeing as we own him now, right <CHARNAME>?
Wallace: Alright <PRO_BROTHERSISTER> <CHARNAME>. I'll join your crew. You lead, hopefully to a tavern where we can get food and ale for high morn yes? 

- There's something you should know. A mage named Jon Irenicus trapped and had experimented on me to further his goals. I plan on repaying him with a swift end by hopefully a blade betwixt the eyes.<L>
- Yes but you should know, my sister Imoen was kidnapped by a mage named Irenicus. I already have leads and I plan on finding her as soon as I can. I fear that her life is in grave danger already. <L>

L:
Wallace: Irenicus, huh? Don't worry <CHARNAME>, once we find him he's gonna wish he had PSL. Pumpkin spiced liquor so he can drink to forget his tragic end! Let's get this arse-hole! - Wallace joins the group


M: Fred: You have returned. Pleasure to see you again. Have you decided to purchase the freedom of my friends kind?
Wallace: I hope you do. All these commoners are looking at my kind with hunger in their eyes and I can only move so much to stop them.

<CHARNAME>: I came to check up on your stand in hopes it was still standing. I cannot do so right now but perhaps later. EXIT
	    This time I have the funds to do so. Here and make sure that they are placed in a safe location with plenty of sunlight and water. <H>

